before we begin let me start by saying
if you were one of the lucky ones here
nine months ago when I had like Oh 13
subscribers you may recall that this was
my first movie but since Jeb was shy
back then it sounded like he was talking
well no for you look let me start now by
saying that Ray finds his voice as
Ramsey still turns me out
look stars of our movie today ah
Iceman Iceman again well his career is
long and distinguished just like my
Johnson
Lord Voldemort with a nose some cokehead
named Elvira Miss Congeniality the fly
but not the good one with Vincent Price
that I could have sworn was in black and
white the Ruff's 100k they were both
creepy as hell Steve Martin Short or as
my mother liked to call him the father
of the bride and his boyfriend Frank and
well I ain't seen it but that must have
sounded elegant F who carries less all
the connectors blue for dog hunter like
all we're talking what about for her for
blue a star begins with a bunch of
Hebrew slaves ripping off looked down
from Limassol hablas and at the same
time across the lake all the Egyptian
gods are killing all the newborn Hebrew
babies because they suck but God suck
not the babies but Moses mama ain't
having none of that so she says you know
what she says she says screw y'all I'm
feeding them to the Gators and hippos
but God don't like Gators and hippos so
he splashes Moses to the most convenient
place he can think of the Pharaohs right
swimming pool so the Pharaohs wife opens
the basket baby Moses is like hey girl
you looking for baby cause if so I'm
your man but of course he didn't really
say that because babies can't talk you
big dummy did I really have that in the
script
damn you used to be mean so back to the
story dummy the Pharaohs wife takes one
look at baby Moses and she says oh he
cute for Hebrew let's ignore our multi
God's warnings about Hebrew Bay
boys and adopt them surely this one
can't be be warned and the whole time
this is going on Moses his sisters
watching from the bushes thinking about
out once he's rich he better not forget
what he came from and then the camera
pans up and those ripoff artists from
the beginning of the movie finished
their song and I get chill bumps oh my
no we jump forward in time about 20
years to see that Moses and Rameses have
grown into two rich spoilt snot to get
their jollies destroying monuments the
hugh jackman slaved all those years to
build and surprise debt is mad but
instead of giving him a good beating
with one of them sandals he's wearing
he's just like ramzes i'mma be dead
someday and you'll have my job and
you're gonna suck at it so later they
get to a feast and Rameses is appointed
some job to tell other people to build
temples which isn't really a job at all
and to celebrate they present him with a
sexy exotic camel riding lady who Ramses
gives to Moses so after the feast Moses
goes up to his room to hopefully get
some sexy independent camel lady nookie
but plot twist she's escaped but it
follows her because they still want that
nookie and he follows up to the edge of
the kingdom where he runs into none
other than his greediest sister who
expects him to somehow know who the hell
she is
and he says girl you straight-up crazy
and she says fool you a Hebrew go ask
your rich daddy you adopted and he says
you are lying hussy so she sings in the
same song that their momma sang before
she fed him to the Gators and he's like
oh [ __ ]
who'd sole inning is a hieroglyphic
flashback dream about his past is like
all right I got a double trick disc
razors
so he goes and looks at some hieroglyphs
and finds out that feeding Hebrew babies
to Gators was a very trendy Egyptian
pastime and Egyptian Patrick Stewart
shows up and Moses is like who you
killed babies and kept him through cod
it's like it's cool they was just dirty
good-for-nothing people from a religion
that ain't mine oh but I don't think
about you like that Mosley a few days
later Moses shows up to help Ramses at
his new job quote unquote and sees a
Hebrew slave getting his a book which he
was totally okay with until he found out
he was just a wicker basket ride down
the river away from that same well then
see when it's y'all people you identify
you're recognizing you sympathize so Val
Kilmer's Moses decides all of a sudden
that he wants to reprise his role as
Batman and to summarize what happens
next in one word I would just say splat
and he's like Oh
hurts so Ramsay's trust to stop him and
Moses is like dog I just killed a guy
the public owe me Oh max in a minute and
Ramses is like please I am the Popo and
I didn't see nothing and Moses is like
you know how it is when you think it's
Friday and then somebody tells you it's
Thursday and you have to come to terms
with the fact that your whole day has
been a lie
and you realize how this could have been
avoided if you just ask the people
around you a few simple questions well
that's my whole life and Ramses is like
say what and Moses says ain't you ever
noticed I'm the only boy in this family
- ain't got that gene for male pattern
baldness and he leaves
so Moses wanders the desert until he
loses his wig you know for the longest
time I thought that was it real damn
hair but no because rich people of faith
and amongst all this contemplation of
the scalp
Moses realizes that he made a wrong turn
at the last mirage is not gonna make Sam
strong and he just stays there until a
camel wakes them up by ripping out his
damn hair you need to hold on to that
[ __ ] Moses you don't want to end up
looking like Bogart and remember you
left all your money back at your crib
can't buy - no more some other stuff
happens and then Moses fathers come to
self into a whale and it dies the end
now I'm just playing with you this movie
ain't that so so who else comes to his
rescue but 60 independent camel lady she
pulls Moses up seizes him and says you
could sit your sockets in a well and
then he dies then just playing she does
finally get him out and he gets molested
by a bunch of pervy old women and it
meets Egyptian Santa Claus and they have
a big feast where Santa Claus sings to
Moses about how his life sucks because
he hasn't found Jesus yet well Jesus
hasn't been born yet but you know what I
mean so they give Moses a job as a sheep
hump a herd of sheep herd up and he
grows out a sexy beard and six
independent camel lady is digging it so
they get married and finally at long
last our boy Moses gets him some sexy
independent camel lady look it hell if I
had to give up a whole kingdom to hit
that I'd do it - Oh Moses you got a
woman don't go back to humping
now anyway one day one of his sheep gets
away so he follows it but stumbles upon
a cave where he stops smoking some
burning bush and God appears before him
as he does two minute druggist and God
says look child they took a while for
all them prayers from the Hebrews to
show up in my inbox but now we kind of
need to hurry up and go free and by we I
mean you because I'm just ambushed but
Moses stops giving God some lip and then
God is like child I made blind deaf and
mute people my only problem is my inbox
is slow now you go tell Rameses he can
suck it and to free them damn Hebrews I
am gonna hear up
so Moses decides that he cares about the
Hebrews freedom all of a sudden threats
from God will do that to you
and he sets off with six a independent a
Malay to go and straighten this mess out
so he goes to Ramesses and Ramses is
happy to see him and he hugs Moses and
he says by the way as of now nobody ever
saw Moses kill a man you heard and Moses
is like yeah it's good to see you too
ramzes by the way whole reason I'm here
there's this god guy and I'm sure that I
told you I'm a Hebrew but anyway this
God guy he spoke to me and he kind of
demands that you let him alone
and Ramsey says what and Moses says he
demands that you learn people know and
Ramsey says what and Moses is like look
he says that he demands that you let his
people go and he gave me this damn snake
stick to prove you that he's real
because he couldn't make it here himself
because he's just uh getting fired and
Ramses is like you tell him he had um
somebody and Moses says well yeah but
then he threatened to blind me so
Ramsey's honest Timon and Pumba this
thing Moses a song about how Moses is
God isn't real because their gods are
real which is real let dumb so once
they're done Ramesses is like let's talk
in the crib
okay what you really won't and Moses is
like for you to free the Hebrews fool
look out on your kingdom what you see
and Ramses is like I see a better King
that man who said I was gonna suck at
this job had damn Peter daddy and Moses
is like his job was killing babies food
you know what your problem is you
ignorant just like your rich daddy and
then Lord Voldemort gets really pissed
and he says well if you tuck them
Hebrews was good at building before they
don't get really crafty with it now so
one day Ramesses is out on his yacht and
Moses is like Ramses and Moses says you
will let them Hebrews go and Ramsey says
hmm let me think about that no no let's
go get that hobo and then they all do a
bunch of magic tricks where they turn
water into blood but Rameses laughs at
them and then he brews up boom so Moses
brother says how the hell are we ever
gonna be free if he keep laughing at us
and Moses says now look y'all ain't a
miracle worker
now Rameses may take away your food your
children and even your lives but that's
a risk I'm willing to take because I
don't live here so as promised over the
next few months God starts in brandish
up and Moses and Rameses spend this time
standing and staring at each other while
they sing songs in their heads about how
the other one is a and Moses his part go
like this was my home all this pain and
devastation no I'm tired of all this
[ __ ] all the innocents who've suffered
cuz you're such a pompous bit now don't
that move you after a while God gets
tired of screwing around so he says yo
Moses I couldn't this great idea let's
kill all their babies and Moses is like
well it's not very original but yeah
cool I guess we could do that so God
flies his glowing through all of Egypt
and he kills a bunch of Egyptian babies
just like Moses is rich daddy which
includes Moses is nephew so Moses is
like fool I told you you should've let
my people go and Ramses is like just
take them damn Hebrews and get the hell
out of hell and Moses realizes too late
that God just did exactly what Moses was
mad at his rich daddy for doing what
tangled webs we can weave but it gets
over it in a Big Damn hurry because the
Hebrews are free
well it's true crying over your nephew
then he Harlem are all in one day what
the [ __ ] mozi is because y'all wasn't
really related ain't it but didn't they
get to the Red Sea and Ramsey shows up
with his soldiers and it's like psyche
much so God makes a wall of fire to stop
them and Moses is like chill y'all I'm
already on it and he pops the damn C and
all the Hebrews go through the butt
crack in the water and they all B's at
SeaWorld along the way see that one
right now that's Shamu and apparently
God likes close calls because just as
the Hebrews are almost all the way
through his pilot light goes out and
rinses comes after them again but God
says I was just in with your ramzes now
get chill so get back on show but now
the Hebrews are really really really
free and they wanted the desert for
something like 50 years I don't know I
never read the Bible but they don't show
you that pop because it's not
inspirational oh yeah and then God gives
Moses the ten damn that's learned be
sure to LIKE share and subscribe for
your regular fix of meth otherwise
you're dead to me you can expect me to
upload more videos after I get done
asking God for forgiveness for my damn
blasphemy damn it
full movies explained for I'm Jeb or
Dyle
now get and that is a [ __ ] wrap
booyah